Update README.md (#1)
social-learning/algorithm-visualization: README.md

# data-structures

> Datastructure and complex algorithms behavior backend visualization service in graphql

Author: ```suggestion
Data-structure traversal and algorithm behavior backend visualization service in graphql

## Steps to Run
todo: fill out
```

Author: Is this what you were thinking?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data-structure traversal and algorithm behavior backend visualization service in graphql

## Steps to Run
### Docker
1. Build - `make build`
1. Run - `make run` 

### Local
1. `uvicorn src.server.app:app --reload --workers 1 --host 0.0.0.0 --port 5050`
```
